hi everybody bean monster 22 here hey
today we're gonna look at something
really cool this is the beer belly do
you remember my previous video about the
beer brah or the wine rack well this is
the beer belly and yes it's really cool
what's a beer belly you ask well we all
know what a beer belly is but this beer
belly well it's a secretive bladder that
you hide under your shirt to put some of
your favorite beverages in don't have to
be beer it could be wine or it could be
kool-aid or as in this video here it
could be water either way you put it on
you fill up the bladder you put your
shirt on over it you slip the tube out
and then you can secretively drink your
favorite beverage
pretty cool huh and instead of just
listening to me talk about it let's just
watch my lovely assistant here as she
puts on her beer belly
[Music]
all right pretty cool huh and this beer
belly will hold a six-pack and still
have a little bit of room in there or
you can put a few 40s in here huh all
right what do you think have you seen
this do you want this do you have this
do you have any really cool stories
about a beer belly come on there ought
to be some good ones you know story
about going into a movie theater or a
ball game and having that big beer belly
there and then coming out and not having
a beer belly anymore and having people
wonder hey what happens you lose a bunch
of weight that would be a funny story
huh all right leave your comments in the
comment section and hey as always thanks
for watching
being Meister 22 the most dangerous man
on YouTube